TUESDAY QUIZ QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 29092020

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE:
1) The country commonly/historically referred to as "Burma" is actually called what? MYANMAR
2) The Xbox Series X has been announced recently, with release dates set for November of this year, how much will they retail at? £449.99 (allowance 10% so £404.99 - £494.99)
3) Which number is used in fluid dynamics to represent the ratio between the flow velocity past a boundary and the local speed of sound? Mach number
4) Who is the youngest artist to win the Grammy for Song of the Year? Lorde, Royals, 2014
5) What are the four Fs of survival (Half point for each)? Fighting, Fleeing, Feeding, Fucking

STAR WARS:
1) Which actor pulled out of voicing General Grievous in Episode III: Revenge of the Sith when he found oput that the film was being made using actors that weren't members of the screen actors guild? GARY OLDMAN
2) Who is the only non-Jedi to use a lightsaber in the original trilogy? Han Solo, uses Luke's lightsaber to cut open the tauntaun's bellt in The Empire Strikes Back
3) How many people does Darth Vader kill in The Empire Strikes Back? 2, Admiral Ozzel for coming out of hyperspace too quickly, and Captain Needa for losing the Millenium Falcon
4) In Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, who is Lando Calrissian's co-pilot? Nien Nunb (he's also the only character to speak a non-english Earth language, Kikuyu from the actor's native Kenya)
5) What is the name of Boba Fett's ship? Slave 1

GCSEs These questions are taken from GCSE papers, Geography and maths are from 2013 when we sat them but the science ones are from 2015 coz that's as early as I could easily find and I was feeling lazy, sue me.:
GEOGRAPHY) What is meant by the term "river basin"? Area drained by a river/drainage basin/catchment area of a river. And its tributaries/watershed is the edge/rain which falls within this area goes into the river. (OCR B Unit 2 Higher Tier Jun 2013)
MATHS) Expand and simplify (m+3)(m+10)? m^2 + 13m + 30 (Edexcel Jun 2013 Non Calculator A Higher Tier, Question 4c)
BIOLOGY) Which of these temperatures is most appropriate for growing bacteria in industrial conditions: 25°C, 100°C, 40°C? 40°C (AQA Biology 1 Higher Paper, JUNE 2015)
CHEMISTRY) Calcium carbonate is a catalyst for the industrial production of biodiesel. Give one reason why using a catalyst reduces costs? Any one from: increases rate of reaction, reduces energy required, lower temperature can be used for the reaction, catalyst is not used up (AQA Chemistry 2 Higher Jun 2015)
PHYSICS) Where does nuclear fusion occur naturally? (main sequence) star (accept Sun or any other correctly named star, also accept red (super) giant) (AQA Physics 2 Higher paper Jun 2015)

History (World Leaders):
1) Who was the president of the USA suring the first world war? WOODROW WILSON
2) Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister in which year? 1979, 4th May
3) Angela Merkel was, until 2018, the leader of which political party in Germany? Christian Democratic Union / Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands
4) Which sovereign state has had the longest reigning monarch? France, Louis XIV, 72 years, 110 days. (Sovereign states with verifiable reigns by exact date)
5) Justin Trudeau is the leader of the Canadian government, is he a President, Prime Minister, or Premier? Prime Minister

Geography (Capitals):
1) What is the capital of New Zealand? Wellington (No, it's not Auckland)
2) Jakarta is the capital of which conutry? Indonesia
3) What is the capital of Malaysia? Kuala Lumpur
4) Nairobi is the capital of which country? Kenya
5) Accra is the capital of which country? Ghana

Music, 70's (1 for the song title, 1 for the artist):
1) Cecilia - Simon & Garfunkel
2) Bennie and the jets - Elton John
3) Dreams - Fleetwood Mac
4) Please Mr. Postman - Carpenters
5) Love Will Keep Us Together - Captain & Tennille

Picture Round, Car Logos:
1) Saab
2) Lamborghini
3) Maserati
4) Skoda
5) Subaru