TUESDAY QUIZ QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 29092020

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE:
1) The country commonly/historically referred to as "Burma" is actually called what?
2) The Xbox Series X and Series S have been announced recently, with release dates set for November of this year, how much will they retail at?
3) Which number is used in fluid dynamics to represent the ratio between the flow velocity past a boundary and the local speed of sound?
4) Who is the youngest artist to win the Grammy for Song of the Year?
5) What are the four Fs of survival (Half point for each)?

STAR WARS:
1) Which actor pulled out of voicing General Grievous in Episode III: Revenge of the Sith when he found oput that the film was being made using actors that weren't members of the screen actors guild?
2) Who is the only non-Jedi to use a lightsaber in the original trilogy? 
3) How many people does Darth Vader kill in The Empire Strikes Back?
4) In Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, who is Lando Calrissian's co-pilot?
5) What is the name of Boba Fett's ship?

GCSEs These questions are taken from GCSE papers, geography and maths are from 2013 when we sat them but the science ones are from 2015 coz that's as early as I could easily find and I was feeling lazy, sue me.:
GEOGRAPHY) What is meant by the term "river basin" mean?
MATHS) Expand and simplify (m+3)(m+10)?
BIOLOGY) Which of these temperatures is most appropriate for growing bacteria in industrial conditions: 25°C, 100°C, 40°C?
CHEMISTRY) Calcium carbonate is a catalyst for the industrial production of biodiesel. Give one reason why using a catalyst reduces costs?
PHYSICS) Where does nuclear fusion occur naturally?

History (World Leaders):
1) Who was the president of the USA suring the first world war?
2) Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister in which year?
3) Angela Merkel was, until 2018, the leader of which political party in Germany?
4) Which sovereign state has had the longest reigning monarch?
5) Justin Trudeau is the leader of the Canadian government, is he a President, Prime Minister, or Premier?

Geography (Capitals):
1) What is the capital of New Zealand?
2) Jakarta is the capital of which conutry?
3) What is the capital of Malaysia?
4) Nairobi is the capital of which country?
5) Accra is the capital of which country?