GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
1) Cashmere is harvested from what type of animal?
2) Idina Menzel is the voice of Elsa in the Disney film franchise Frozen, she also famously played the original lead in what musical?
3) How many keys are on a standard full sized piano?
4) What colour/type of light is found /beyond/ RED in the rainbow?
5) What country does the tech brand Nokia originate from?
6) What are the six main types of voices in singing?
7) When is the Queen's actual birthday (bonus point for the year of her birth as well)?
8) What's the capital of Afghanistan?
9) What was the name of the ship that blocked the Suez Canal for a period of 6 days in March 2021?
10) The movie Hairspray, released originally as a comedy in 1988 and then later reimagined as a musical in 2007, is set in which US city?

HEAD TO HEAD:
1) Which of the following landmarks is taller, Big Ben or The Statue of Liberty?
2) Which is further, the distance between London and Chicago or the average distance between the surface of Earth and its core?
3) Who has sold more records, Billy Joel or Michael Jackson?
4) Who was born first, Anne Frank or Queen Elizabeth II?
5) Which happened first, Prince William marrying Kate Middleton or the London 2012 Olympics?

GEOGRAPHY
1)  What is the longest river in Europe?
2)  What country is the most sparsely populated country in the world?
3)  What country is the landmark known as 'Uluru' in?
4)  What is the capital of The Bahamas?
5)  What is the currency of Thailand?
6)  The Millennium Stadium can be found in what UK City?
7)  How many states are in the contiguous United States of America?
8)  Only two countries in South America are landlocked, can you name one of them?
9)  From what continent do camels originally come from?
10) In what country is Lapland?

FILMS - Oscars
1) Who directed oscar nominated film The Godfather?
2) Who won the oscar for Best Actor in 2003 for his part in The Pianist?
3) Which film did Julia Roberts win the oscar for Best Actress in 2001?
4) Who has won the most oscars for acting?
5) Which three films have received the most Oscar nominations?

HISTORY
1)  Cleopatra died in what Egyptian city?
2)  What year was the Chernobyl nuclear disaster?
3)  For carbon dating purposes, any time after 1950 is judged to be "present day". Why?
4)  What year did Hitler take power in Germany?
5)  Alfred Nobel, of Nobel Prize fame, created the Nobel Foundation to distract from being known for inventing what?
6)  Which website launched more recently, Facebook or Youtube?
7)  What year did the first iPhone release?
8)  In 1953, who became the first people to summit Mount Everest?
9)  In 1829, which mode of transport was first used in London?
10) Who won the first season of Strictly Come Dancing?

SCIENCE
1) Planets of the solar system, in order, from the sun outwards?
2) How do you spell Fahrenheit?
3) What is the name of the scale which measures hardness of materials?
4) What is the name of a material used to speed up the rate of a reaction without being expended?
5) The triple point of water is the temperature at which it can?


