GENERAL KNOWLEDGE:
1) Who won the Men's 5000m and 10000m gold medals at both the London 2012 and Rio 2016 Olympics?
2) What is the name of the current Chancellor of the Exchequer?
3) How many keys are on a standard full size piano?
4) What country is Stella Artois from? 
5) Who won the 1999 US Women's Tennis Open? 

STAR WARS:
1) Who directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi? 
2) Which one of the following has been won by a film/contributor in/to the Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Grammy or Academy Award (Oscar)?
3) How much did Harrison Ford get paid for the original Star Wars film? 
4) How does one achieve a white lightsaber? 
5) What is Chopper's (the main astromech we see in Rebels) proper ID Tag? 

GEOGRAPHY (Superlatives):
1) What is the deepest lake in the world? 
2) What is the driest non-polar desert in the world? 
3) What is the largest ocean in the world? 
4) Which country currently has the fastest natural growing population? 
5) Which country has the largest elevation span (That is, the largest difference in highest point and lowest point in the country)? 

HISTORY (Superlatives):
1) Which sovereign country has the most recently crowned monarch? 
2) Which sovereign country has the monarch crowned the longest time ago? 
3) In 1931, the deadliest natural disaster on record occurred in China, killing 4,000,000. What was the disaster? 
4) What was the largest empire in history by land area colonised? Bonus for also getting what year this maximum occurred in 
5) In what year did Lord Robert Baden-Powell host the first scout camp on Brownsea Island? 

FOOD (Superlatives):
1) Surströmming is widely considered to be the smelliest (as in, worst smelling) food in the world, made from sea herring that has been fermented for at least 6 months. What country is it from? 
2) What fish is widely considered to be the most dangerous delicacy in the world? 
3) In 2012, Maize (Corn) was the most produced crop globally. Which country produced the most in that year? 
4) In what year was the first lab grown burger cooked and eaten? 
5) What was the largest diameter pizza ever made? 

MUSIC (1/2 point for who's singing (i.e. artist), 1/2 point for the film which they sang/wrote a song for, the songs MAY be the song from the film)

PICTURE (1/2 point for guessing, 1/2 point for getting their highest selling single. A sale on this counts as a physical copy sale or a paid download, no streaming has been taken into account, the numbers are right as of 14 June 2018, thank you wikipedia)
