WEDNESDAY QUIZ 2021-01-13

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE
1)  Priti Patel currently holds what position of cabinet in government? 
2)  Cashmere is harvested from what type of animal?
3)  Idina Menzel is the voice of Elsa in the Disney film franchise Frozen, she also famously played the lead is what musical?
4)  What does USB stand for?
5)  How many keys are on a standard full sized piano?
6)  What colour/type of light is found /beyond/ RED in the rainbow?
7)  This week, who became the richest man in the world overtaking Jeff Bezos?
8)  What country does the tech brand Nokia originate from?
9)  What are the six main types of voices in singing?
10) 'Super Saturday' is a term commonly used in the UK to refer to a particular Saturday during what event? 


STAR WARS - Planets of origin
1) What planet is Obi-Wan Kenobi originally from?
2) What planet is The Mandolorian (Mando) from?
3) What planet is Ezra Bridger from?
4) What planet is Snoke from?
5) What planet is Lando Calrissian from?


FILMS - Oscars
1) Who directed oscar nominated film The Godfather?
2) Who won the oscar for Best Actor in 2003 for his part in The Pianist?
3) Which film did Julia Roberts win the oscar for Best Actress in 2001?
4) Who has won the most oscars for acting?
5) Which three films have received the most Oscar nominations?


GEOGRAPHY
1)  What is the longest river in Europe?
2)  What country is the most sparsely populated country in the world?
3)  What country is the landmark known as 'Uluru' in?
4)  What is the capital of The Bahamas?
5)  What is the currency of Thailand?
6)  The Millennium Stadium can be found in what UK City?
7)  How many states are in the contiguous the United States of America?
8)  Only two countries in South America are landlocked, can you name one of them?
9)  From what continent do camels originally come from?
10) In what country is Lapland?

HISTORY
1)  Cleopatra died in what Egyptian city?
2)  What year was the Chernobyl nuclear disaster?
3)  For carbon dating purposes, any time after 1950 is judged to be "present day". Why?
4)  What year did Hitler take power in Germany?
5)  Alfred Nobel, of Nobel Prize fame, created the Nobel Foundation to distract from being known for inventing what?
6)  Which website launched more recently, Facebook or Youtube?
7)  What year did the first iPhone release?
8)  In 1953, who became the first people to summit Mount Everest?
9)  In 1829, which mode of transport was first used in London?
10) Who won the first season of Strictly Come Dancing?
 