Films of the 21st Century:
(All questions are regarding films internationally released on or after 1st January 2000)

1) Which star-studded ensemble film took the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2007? 

2) What is the highest grossing animation of all time?

3) Who won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actor in 2009? (Bonus point for getting the character played)

4) Which film, released in 2011, stars Ryan Gosling and Oscar Isaac, and is based on a 2005 James Sallis novel of the same name?

5) Which 2003 cult hit written, produced, and directed by Tommy Wiseau is still shown in cinemas to this day at special screenings?

Alcohol:

1) "Eau de vie" or "water of life" is the collective term for what type of alcoholic drinks made by distilling another type of alcohol drink? 

2) Mead is an alcoholic beverage created by fermenting primarily which foodstuff with water?

3) Roughly many standard units of alcohol can a human liver process in one hour?

4) White Claw has recently gained a great amount of popularity over in the USA. Of which common soft drink is it an alcoholic version?

5) What is the ABV% (Alcohol by volume) of a UK bottle of Buckfast Tonic Wine?

Television:

1) Which sporting event still holds the record for the most watched program on BBC2?

2) In what year with Freeview officially launched in the UK?

3) What is currently the 4th largest streaming service?

4) What was the global television audience for the Opening Ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic games (you can have 25 million either way)?

5) Top of the Pops is the world's longest running weekly music show, beginning in 1964. In which year did it cease weekly shows?

Star Wars:
1) Mon Mothma was born in the same year as which of the following characters:
a) Padme Amidala
b) Obi-Wan Kenobi
c) Jar Jar Binks
d) Darth Maul

2) What were Luke's aunt and uncle's job on Tatooine?

3) From what planet are Wookiees?

4) What does AT-AT stand for?

5) Who was Anakin's biggest rival during the podrace in Phantom of the Menace?

General Knowledge:
1) The acronym "R.A.M." stands for what?

2) What number is used by the current final pokemon in the entire pokedex?

3) What is the second highest mountain in the world called?

4) Lahore is the largest city in which province of the subcontinent?

5) How many keys are on a standard full size piano?
